like we've been two years later, I will only be able to purchase one of those bottles with that. Yeah, a lot of things. For example, the opportunity cost of that money. Thank you. So, what do we mean by this? Uh So going on in the same example, if she gives you a few years, she's not using those for whatever she would have, she would have invested in the stock market. Yes. She wants some. She would be over the 100. So, I don't want her expectation from you. Absolutely anything else. That opportunity cost is what you would. Yes. Yes. That's everybody have an opportunity cost. You know, so many of you are actually working. You know? All right. How many of you are actually investing right now? You know, investing money. Okay. Yeah, investing money. So investing, investing in the terms of either backing products of mutual funds or stocks are running a parallel business. That's what I meant when I said you are working right now. All right. How many of you are? 123 The others are So, what's your opportunity costs? I suppose I was working and I left my job And I was getting around 50,000. No, I left their jobs and my opportunity cost her by after coming is 22 50. Fair enough to report with. It's my opportunity pressure. So also, if I put the money in savings from their case, if I'm not getting that is my opportunity. So everybody has an opportunity cost, right? And if you are actually not even putting your money in a savings account, what do you do with the money you save and invest spend? Yes. You know, I mean, there is a relation with the Jovanka actually thinks the better somebody over delivery, right? What is the kind of emotion that rigors off join slash satisfaction? So you need that money? Do you sacrifice that satisfaction, isn't it? Even if you don't invest money and you don't have an opportunity fast. But everybody has a consumption motive, you can do money and consumption of money leads to satisfaction, right? Which can be converted into one because right now the last until dry hostile google a person to do galleria, there's uh right, you just you know, *** exactly. Always know that. So the consumption motive is high at the end of the month. So all of this taken together contributes to what rate of interest and rate of interest is valuable. So suppose I put demands a blank drug and nine right, suppose you want to treat money as an article. All right. I took quantity of monies on one axis. What is there on the other access only then it will be a downward sloping of again the money you get it so afraid of interest goes up, demand for money for furniture, and that's why you're saying it is the price slash cost or value of money. Good enough getting on any questions here right now, what do I want to do is build on this concept of interest and get through a few basic corner school principals of finance, which are